Create Handlers README (#456)
Shared-Reality-Lab/IMAGE-server: handlers/README.md

will produce no renderings.

Each handler advertises itself to the orchestrator component by joining the shared IMAGE network over docker and adding the label
`ca.mcgill.a11y.image.handler: enable`. When this is done, it will receive HTTP requests at `/handler` containing the data that may be
needed. Handlers work independently of other handlers and cannot share data between each other. For functionality to be shared, those functions
should be implemented as libraries installed in each handler or encapsulated in a separate helper service (see the `/services` directory for examples).

More information on handlers and how they fit into the overall system is available [on the wiki](https://github.com/Shared-Reality-Lab/IMAGE-server/wiki/2.-Handlers,-Preprocessors-and-Services).

## What is in this directory

This directory contains all the handlers produced by the IMAGE project. Not all the handlers here are currently running on our server at
[https://image.a11y.mcgill.ca](https://image.a11y.mcgill.ca)! All subdirectories prefixed with `hello-` are demonstrations for different

> tasks and do *not* provide the best user experience. Other handlers are now deprecated and have been replaced, but are kept here for documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tasks and do *not* provide an experience that we consider useful to actual end users. Other handlers are now deprecated and have been replaced, but are kept here for documentation and reference.
```

As of 2022-06-29, these are the statuses of the handlers:

* Supported
    * `autour-handler` (embedded maps)

>     * `high-charts` ([Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) visualizations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `high-charts` ([Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) renderings)
```
